Here are some things to know before playing the game:

Requirements:
Your device must have python installed and the pygame module installed as well.

Controls:
Use the left arrow key and right arrow key to navigate through the home screen. Press spacebar to enter into a level.
In the level, use spacebar to jump, and use the left and right arrow keys for moving left and right respectively.

UI:
In the top left, there is a red icon. Click it to return to the home screen. You will retain all your coins, and will be positioned at the same level.
Your health will increment by 10% the next time you launch the game, going to a maximum of 75%.
The health bar is located in the top right. It displays your health. It will decrease when you are damaged by an enemy.
The coin indicator is in the top right, below the health bar. It will indicate the amount of coins you currently have.

Goal:
Your goal is to reach the end of the level, and to collect as many coins as you can before the end. When you collect the special coin/gem at the end, the next level is unlocked.
Try to avoid enemy warriors, as they reduce your health. If your health bar reaches 0 because of getting hit, you will lose all your coins.
The most recent level you unlocked will also get locked. Your health however, will be replenished to maximum capacity.
Every level is very much possible to complete.
If you jump off the map, you will retain your coins and be positioned at the same level.
Your health will increment by 10% the next time you launch the game, going to a maximum of 75%.
Every time you launch a level, you will recieve a health increment by 10%.


Glitches:
There is one glitch present in the game. Sometimes, as you collide with a wall, you are automatically teleported somewhere around that position.
This is because of the change in hitbox size of the player's running animation, and the idle animation. When the wall and the player sprite, overlap, pygame doesn't know what to do.
So it automatically teleports the player to a position higher than the original in the same column. Most of the time, they player will be on screen if this glitch happens.
However, there are rare cases where the player is off screen. The player is on the roof of the map. Continously press the left arrow key until the character appears.
These glitches are not that frequent.

References and Credits:
Developer: Aadhav Nagarajan
Tutorials: Clear Code, Tech with Tim, Sentdex
Music: Nekki (Shadow Fight 2)
Backgrounds: Nekki (Shadow Fight 2)
Levels made with Tiled.
